In <four> months, Aonuma's team managed to present realistic horseback riding,[l] which Nintendo later revealed to the public with a trailer at <Electronic Entertainment Expo <2004>>. The game was scheduled to be released the next year, and was no longer a follow-up to The Wind Waker; a true sequel to it was released for the <Nintendo DS> in 2007, in the form of <Phantom Hourglass>. Miyamoto explained in interviews that the graphical style was chosen to satisfy demand, and that it better fit the theme of an older incarnation of Link. The game runs on a modified The Wind Waker engine.
In "four" months, Aonuma's team managed to present realistic horseback riding,[l] which Nintendo later revealed to the public with a trailer at "Electronic Entertainment Expo "2004"". The game was scheduled to be released the next year, and was no longer a follow-up to The Wind Waker; a true sequel to it was released for the "Nintendo DS" in 2007, in the form of "Phantom Hourglass". Miyamoto explained in interviews that the graphical style was chosen to satisfy demand, and that it better fit the theme of an older incarnation of Link. The game runs on a modified The Wind Waker engine.

Twilight Princess received the awards for Best Artistic Design, Best Original Score, and Best Use of Sound from IGN for its "GameCube" version. Both "IGN and Nintendo Power" gave Twilight Princess the awards for Best Graphics and Best Story. Twilight Princess received Game of the Year awards from GameTrailers, 1UP.com, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, Games Radar, GameSpy, Spacey Awards, X-Play and Nintendo Power. It was also given awards for Best Adventure Game from the Game Critics Awards, X-Play, IGN, GameTrailers, 1UP.com, and Nintendo Power. The game was considered the "Best Console Game" by the Game Critics Awards and GameSpy. The game placed ""16th"" in Official Nintendo Magazine's list of the 100 Greatest Nintendo Games of All Time. IGN ranked the game as the ""4th""-best Wii game. Nintendo Power ranked the game as the "third"-best game to be released on a Nintendo system in the 2000s decade.
Twilight Princess received the awards for Best Artistic Design, Best Original Score, and Best Use of Sound from IGN for its GameCube version. Both IGN and Nintendo Power gave Twilight Princess the awards for Best Graphics and Best Story. Twilight Princess received Game of the Year awards from GameTrailers, 1UP.com, Electronic Gaming Monthly, Game Informer, Games Radar, GameSpy, Spacey Awards, X-Play and Nintendo Power. It was also given awards for Best Adventure Game from the Game Critics Awards, X-Play, IGN, GameTrailers, 1UP.com, and Nintendo Power. The game was considered the Best Console Game by the Game Critics Awards and GameSpy. The game placed 16th in Official Nintendo Magazine's list of the 100 Greatest Nintendo Games of All Time. IGN ranked the game as the 4th-best Wii game. Nintendo Power ranked the game as the third-best game to be released on a Nintendo system in the 2000s decade.
